It's just another Monday morning on your mail delivery route when an unusual letter catches your eye. The envelope is battered, riddled with holes as if it's been through a storm. The address is barely legible, and your coworkers at the post office wave it off as a lost cause.

But something about it nags at you.

You carefully open the damp envelope. Inside, you find a faded newspaper clipping and a short handwritten note. The clipping is torn and water-damaged, with key sections missing. The note is personal, clearly not meant for your eyes, but the fragments you can read hint at a story buried in time.

Objective:  Use the clues provided in the zip file to uncover the full name and age of the person mentioned in the note.

This is so we unzip the letter zip file and do.
cat Note.txt
Mon cher Édouard,

Aujourd'hui, en rangeant le grenier chez mes grands-parents, je suis tombée sur cette vieille coupure de journal. Ton arrière-grand-père n'avait même pas l'âge de passer le permis quand il s'est distingué ce jour-là. Le benjamin de l'équipe, et certainement pas le moins courageux.

Il serait si fier de te voir sur l'eau à ton tour.

Avec toute mon affection,
Audette                                                                                      
From translating above text weget My dear Edward, Today, while tidying up the attic at my grandparents' house, I came across this old newspaper clipping. Your great-grandfather was not even old enough to pass the license when he distinguished himself that day. The youngest of the team, and certainly not the least courageous. He would be so proud to see you on the water too. With all my affection, Susan


This clipping is the front page of L'Ouest-Éclair, a historic regional French newspaper based in Rennes, Brittany, France.


Postal Code: The answer required to solve this specific step of the challenge is 29760


The actual newspaper clipping is from the Sunday, May 24, 1925 edition of L'Ouest-Éclair.

The Main Torn Story: "Une catastrophe sur les côtes du Finistère" (A catastrophe on the coasts of Finistère). This covers a severe maritime tragedy that occurred on May 23, 1925, near Penmarc'h, where 26 fishermen drowned.

Full Name: Yves-Marie GourlaouenAge: 15 years oldRole: He served as a mousse (ship's boy).Vessel: He was aboard the Arche-d'Alliance, the local lifeboat that heroically set out into the storm to rescue stranded fishing survivors.
